It was a sunny May day when Bill decided to take a walk. He reached for his cane
It couldnt be helped, spring was in the air again, it all seemed just a bit too shiny, a bit too oversaturated, not dark enough. The trees were rampaging thier dance of temporary permanence with the full flash of buds and bees and the likeness of perpetual fractals was inevitably... boring.

The year is 1743 the memory of september 11th still chared into the brains of America. A date of utmost sadness and the last time we were all truly a united United States. In the years since, many truths have become lies, and lies truth,  like Aspen leaves bud into green, mature in gold, and wither to dust, we all start as a lie, mature to fiction, then wither into truth. They say we are in a place, we say 1:34am, They say its 2525, we say its 11:55. To the most noble of men, time travel is as easy as writing a cook book. You change paprika to sage, there go the middle ages. You swap in lamb for chicken, hello stratosphere.

Boring, all too boring. Watching flic after movie, film before tube, reel between squeel of spy drone footage, of other spies watching other citizens wathcing porn really starts to make less and less sence in a national security fashion. Even with the pentaquark outline of the man in the corner who is so confident in his invisibility he has practically invented ice nine, my balls barley twitch. Thing about invisibility – the more you know we cant see you, the more we understand who you really are. Sadly, even dreams have become less of a care. Points to the guy who dreampt of making a pb and j. You have no idea how rare that is in my line of work. Still, its all just way too shiny. I know saying that i may lose my job, my family, my wealth and esteemed status as a reasonable, trustworthy human. If i see one more bullshit fucking loop, ill be limp for centuries. Give me a dream where im not dreaming what others are, but simply making myself food! Who do i have to hump to get a dry toast dream in this bitch? 

Across the hall of floor 3 apartment d, a miraculous photon manages to bounce from Brian's raging middle finger escape through the taped peep hole, strike several billion times between hallways before finally reaching a hidden camera several floors up, she blushes. She, also known as “her” is an art critic. Her likes captureing the moment, her hates the moment. The truth is she above anyone else knows of the deep roots of lies like the begining and the end, but is endlessly terrified of right now. “Do men ever masturbate to toasters?” was the closest she had ever really gotten. Another photon, still somewhat digit like smashes into her left retina, she supresses a cough.  She was on her way to a show. Its theme “tepid tide” an expose slash protest of the homoginization of coporate brands overwhelming our monetary system. she could take a picture with her laugh, it was just how they were together. Seperate yes, but for one moment the fear was in perfect ballance with the freedom of the rooms space, bouncing from wall to wall, behind her back, her boss peered qwirkily at she's siluette partially obscuring a large toasted quiznos subsidiary emplyee trading tide for crack cocaine on projected live. “What do you think?” boss lady told her. She rolls her eyes clockwise supressing a smile and turns around, “Its been done” She laughes “nikonicly” at her own joke, her boss supresses a small object behind her back.

“No plot line, your doing it again! Stop circle jerking and start writing!” My boss yells between furious strokes of the keyboard. This is supposed to be a period piece on the Nixon years! Less is more, less is more. “Yeah” I said. “Ill need another week.” No fucking question you do, but im giving it to parker.” his mustache said firmly. Which one? “anyofe em! At least they can take fucking orders!” fucking orders? Did that mustache say fucking orders? “Oh shit did i say that outloud” I said outloud. “Get the fuck out of my office” tweeked the mustache. “Come back when you learn how to take fucking orders!” I drew a picture of a daisy missing all the petals and leaves minus the southern two, made it into a paper airplane, and threw it right at his fucking mustache.
